In a quick question,
it sounded like you mentioned some
limitations around triggering
a serverless function.
But did you also touch on,
there's some window in it and
some window statuses that we can use
to trigger other than clicks or events?
>> I mean anything that you can
attach an event listener to you could
call a serverless function from.
There's not really
a limitation in that sense.
The limitation is that your serverless
functions themselves aren't gonna
listen for things,
they have to be explicitly called.
So if you need something to always be
running to listen for an event like, for
example, that identity sign up in
that stripe example that I showed.
So here is the stripe subscriptions,
when we look at these,
there is a sign up function.
So what we want is we want this to
fire every time somebody signs up for
nullify identity.
But the way that this works,
this isn't listening, this gets called.
The identity service whenever
someone signs up is looking to see
if there is a endpoint at identity
sign up, if there is it calls it.
So you have to have an event
listener that's going to say,
a thing happened call
my serverless function.
It's not a passive thing where like
we were talking about subscriptions,
where events come in and
you can just auto trigger it on an event.
You would need to have something that is
listening that will trigger that function.
Does that make sense?
>> I think you said in most
cases you had save money but
are there cases where you wouldn't save
money by going to serverless functions?
>> I don't know that I'm
qualified to answer that question.
I suspect that there is always a way
to make something super expensive.
But the general idea is that serverless
functions are charged by usage, right?
So, you pay for the actual
execution time of your functions.
And typically,
there is a window every month of a number
of executions that you get
without paying anything.
So knowing that,
then the trade-off would happen if
your function is running so often.
That it eclipses the amount of
time that it would take for
the for the server to just always be on.
Then it could start to cost more to
have the serverless function than to
have a server.
The amount of traffic that
would be required for
your serverless function to be running
all of the time is pretty high.
The other thing to consider is
that with that kind of load,
you would probably need
a pretty beefy server.
And that server would probably have to be
horizontally scaled to handle that sort
of load.
So my suspicion is that yes,
it is possible but
I think you would have to work at it.
>> We have a fauna specific question of,
do you need it to be authenticated?
>> With fauna,
you need to have a key for fauna.
So this particular app, we did similar
thing where it's in a utility function.
And the fauna call includes
a fauna server key,
so you need to generate
that in the fauna app.
And you would treat that like
a privileged API token cuz that's
effectively what it is.
>> When you're creating the handler why
does that need to be an a-sync function?
>> It does not need to be
an a-sync function but
if you don't return a promise,
let's look at nullify functions.
If you don't include a promise, then you
would instead have to use a callback.
And let me see if I can find.
There's an example in here.
Yeah, so an example of a function using
a callback is you get a third argument,
that's a callback.
And you have to call it with null
unless there's an error, and
then your return object, and I just
don't particularly care for this setup.
I feel like it's kinda, they're just some
cognitive leaps that you have to make.
I'd much prefer to just return the thing
that is coming back from the function.
And by turning it into a promise,
the handler does that for us.
We were effectively under the hood, we're
like resolving the promise with this here.
And in the handling code knows
that if the handler returns
a promise to use the result
value is the function call.
But yeah, to be more specific,
you 100% do not need to
use async away, you can use just
a plain function like this.
You just have to use the callback which
is the third argument to the function.
And you have to call it back with your
return value as the second argument to
the callback.
>> Do you have any tips for sharing
serverless functions across applications?
>> Yeah, I mean, they're, depending on
what you are attempting to do with it.
If it's something where you are kind
of setting up a boilerplate,
the stream-blitz thing that I set up
is a pretty good example of that.
The handler here is exported from,
like this is a package,
it's a node package that
does all the required work.
And then return the required
headers to allow for cores.
And this is like the stuff that I need
to do for every serverless function.
So we're returning like we're setting up,
if it's cores,
this is cores handling so
we look for an options HTTP method.
And then return the required
headers to allow for cores.
We grab in the expected fields for
a stream-blitz command and
parse that out to the body.We
set up a response which
is the function to get handled in.
So that's the actual handler-event.
And then we return the appropriate
status code, including some headers that
allow me to determine like which
version of stream-blitz you're using.
We make sure that
the access control is set.
And then we format that
object to be the right way.
So if you've got some control that you
need to assert over the way that your your
functions are done,
you can just export a handler like this.
This is a package that I
publish that I then import
into multiple apps to use as
a kind of boilerplate, right?
If you wanna share them in the sense that
they are literally the same serverless
function.
Like our movies function is gonna
be used as an API by multiple apps.
You can just publish it as its own,
you can have a repo called
common functions and
publish your functions from there.
And, like other apps
would just call those and
you could do that by setting
up a API.oursite.com.
That is all built up
serverless functions and
you could have a look up as part of
your service you've got your movies UI,
and that has the movies function.
But maybe there's a home that would
pull a few movies as a here's
what's new in movies or something.
And that could just call the movie
service and hit that function.